[chore]: update `Burn<Trigger, u32>` warning (#409)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/blockchain/triggers.md

- `Burn<Trigger, u32>`: For triggers that repeat a certain number of times,
  decrease the number of times that the trigger gets executed.

  ::: warning

  If the number provided is greater than the remaining number of repetitions,

>   the instruction fails to execute, and the transaction that it is part of is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the instruction will fail to execute, and the transaction that it is part of will be
```
